Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I have some good news to tell
y'all. In our live prayer session
yesterday and the one before, I've
done three videos over the last couple
of days. And over the course of the
time, Braden told me, he said, "We've
had on this channel alone,
1,218
salvations."I
was just like, "Wow."The Lord said He
was bringing a
stronger anointing for the unsaved to
bring in the lost. And He told us we're
going to start fishing with nets now.
You know, it's happening.
It's exciting. I just go, "Lord, this is
too cool."Look at what
this YouTube channel is doing, all for
the glory of God. I just want to tell
y'all thank you, because it's people like
you that come on here and pray with
me and pray for the lost. You're
clicking the like button. You're
clicking subscribe. You're clicking
the notification bells.
You're commenting something
down below. Not all of you do, but
at least 10% of you
almost do. And I just want to say thank
you. I know some people don't like to
comment, but I just want to say those
help. You don't realize on YouTube, that's
how the system works here. When
they want to see who's interested
in your videos, they won't promote you
and let new viewers see you unless they
see that they're going to make ad
revenue. Because every time you're
watching the video, if they're not
making money on me, they go,
"Hey, we're not promoting this
guy."So
if they see that people are interested,
they'll let me be in a bigger pool of
people through the algorithm. So, it's
exciting because you coming and staying
around and clicking those bells, they
go, "Hm, this guy actually has an
audience."Even
if they don't like what I'm saying,
the
bottom line is it's
about money with the
people, and that's the world. If it's
not making money, they don't promote it.
So, I just want to say thank you. Thank
you from the
bottom of our hearts. We want to say
thank you. And I know Jesus says thank
you, too, because
we're getting people saved. 1,218.
This channel alone,
not all the other six. We have South
Korea, Japan, China, all of them. And
we give all the glory to Jesus.
Braden said, "I didn't even count the
salvations on those channels,
Dad."So,
it probably is over 2,000 with all
those. So, I just wanted to say thank
you all. Thank you. It's exciting to be
part of the end-time harvest. We're the
reapers.
We're bringing in the lost one soul at a
time, but now it's not just one fish at
a fishing pole. We're doing it by the
net loads. And I just went, "Golly,
Lord."I
remember as a young man praying
in those bathrooms as I was cleaning as a
janitor, saying, "God, if You can use
me, use me. If I can do
something to help bring in the lost,
help me. I'll do it. I'll
do whatever it
takes."And
that's what it's been. And that's why I
was telling you all to go back to the
awe of God, John Bevere's book. Some
people, because you've been in this so
long, you lose that passion, the
drive for relationship with Jesus.
And it's all about relationship with
Jesus. If you follow Jesus and you do it
with all your heart, and you lean
not unto your own understanding, but in
all thy ways you acknowledge Him, He
said He'd direct your path. He said He
would. And that's exactly what He's
doing for me. I didn't want to come on
YouTube, but just think about all these
people that got saved. And I thought,
we would have never known.
Who knows? I pray somebody else would
have reached them. But the people that
God
assigns you to help,
maybe you're the only one that they'll
listen to. Maybe. Who knows? But at
this
moment, at this time, God called us for
such a time as this. And so, we're
excited about the video yesterday, the
live stream. I feel
like it was successful with the
turnout of people praying against
the
tsunamis, because the Lord said, "If you
pray..."I
saw angel armies coming and
standing on the western seashore of
California, and we didn't have any major
damage. He said, "Send them down to
Hawaii."And
I don't think we had any
major damage there, or in Alaska or
anything. Japan, I don't even think they
had any real major damage from the
tsunami. But for as large as this
earthquake was, I believe it should
have caused some major damage, but
I don't think it did. But the Lord
told me, He said, "There will be things
that you will not stop.
You need to have your boat ready. You
need to know what the Spirit of the Lord
is
telling you. For when these
things come, great shaking to awaken,
you're going to see."And He talked about
the earthquake last night that again happened
in the water outside of Oregon, by
Portland. He said, "Pray over this area.
Pray over Seattle. Pray over British
Columbia, for a major earthquake is about
to take place and you must pray."I saw
30,000 people perish during this. Now,
can we stop that in prayer? I believe we
can.
There's a lot of people we can
pray for so that they'll not be in harm's way.
I saw just in British Columbia alone,
30,000 people die during that earthquake
with buildings falling on them and
stuff. It was bad,
with
the tsunamis and all the things.
This is what the Lord is warning us
about. The other part that the Lord
warned us about last night... If you
remember, He told us, He said,
"Brandon,
I want you to go over that
there'll be many people starting to go
home. For judgment begins in the house
of the Lord first."And it's not just
about the preacher behind the
stage that is messing around on his wife
or husband or whatever is going on.
It's about the whole body, for He said
the seed time and harvest is
accelerating. This is what we talked
about. He said seed time and harvest is
accelerating. Brandon, what He warned me,
He said, "What you sow, you're going to
reap."As
we see
the time frame and the acceleration of
things happen, as the time frame is
becoming shorter and shorter, as the
days of Noah, so
will it be when the Son of Man returns.
As we see the ark door closing,
you can barely see it,
but you know that
we're on the verge of something huge.
The raindrops are just starting to hit
our foreheads.
I know it's not going to rain again this
time and we're not going to have a major
flood. He said, "I won't judge you by
water again, but it will be by
fire."A
major fire is going to judge the earth
next time. Right? Because that's
what the Bible tells us.
But we are in that day, as the days of
Noah. We're in it right now. And there
are
many of you that are living a
compromising lifestyle, and you're living
in sin, and you've been a believer
your whole life. You feel like it's
okay. "You know what? I'm just a little
lukewarm. It's all right."But the more
you allow sin in, the sin will keep you
longer than you want to stay, and make you
pay more than you want to pay. I remember
this lady named Annette used to
tell me that all the time. "You better
not be sinning, boy. It'll make you pay
more than you want to pay and make you
stay more than you want to
stay."She'd
always tell me that. I forget the
rest of it, but I remember it
made me not want to pay more.
I don't want to pay nobody
nothing.
I told God, "Okay, God, I don't want to pay the
devil nothing."That's what I was saying.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and
destroy.
So, what I'm trying to tell you all is,
as the Lord keeps warning me to tell
y'all, Lot didn't know when a major
event was about to happen. It
took
Abraham interceding for him to send
the angels.
If you're in Sodom and Gomorrah, if
you're in a place of compromise and
you're not hearing God for yourself, Lot
didn't hear God for himself. He had to
have an intercessor pray
for him. And that's what this channel's
here for. You're here not by
coincidence, but for a purpose, just
like all the people who got born again
in the last couple of days. You're here
for a purpose. And I want you to
really examine your heart every single
time you come on this platform. But
that's why the Lord brought up the awe
of God to me. He said, "There's many
people that have lost
their passion, their first love. Go back
to the basics of the ABCs of where you
fell in love with Jesus,
where you fell in love with becoming
that fire of being on fire for Jesus and
having a passion about being a
Christian. You want to tell everybody, 'I
got born again today.'Why? Because it
was something new to you. But as
time goes, the newness wears off, sin
tries to creep back in, things get hard,
and you go, 'Man, I don't know.'You just go,
'You know, sometimes I pray, sometimes I
don't. I may read my Bible every once in
a while. I'll check into Brandon
because I think he's kind of
interesting.'"That's
what the Lord told
me. He said, "Make prayer fun again,
Brandon, for a lot of people have lost
their way in
prayer."This
is what my channel is about:
to lead people back to the foot of
Jesus and tell them they've got what it
takes to do it. Don't let the
discouragement of life, the bombardment
of all of the trials and the tests and
the hardships of things make you
weary in
well-doing.
But I'm telling you, Jesus has some new
wind
for your wings today. He wants you to
come unto Him, all ye that are heavy
laden, and He will give you rest. Jesus
wants to love on you today. He's not mad
at you. He's there just like the
prodigal
son. The father was waiting with his
arms wide open with a robe and
ready to kill the fatted calf. And for
the vegans that don't want to eat the
fatted calf, a good vegetable bowl. But
either way, God has something good for
you. And I'm telling you, it's time to
know that Jesus has a plan for your
life. And it's not to harm
you, it's not to hurt you. He's here to
love on you. You're here not by
coincidence—I've
said that—but because
Jesus has a plan for your life. And so I
tell you all this because I have an
urgency. I have an urgency to tell you.
There's many people that are going to
start going home,
elders and old souls, and you're going to
go, "Where in the world? What happened with
this?"Hollywood—it's
going to rain on
the just and the unjust.
Seed time and harvest accelerating on
the just and the unjust. It's not just
about the church, but judgment
begins in the house of the Lord
first. But you're going to see it
on the world, too. Bad politicians,
corrupt Hollywood stars,
musicians
playing—you're
going to see the unlikely. You're going
to go, "What in the world is going on?
Who went home?"And it's not by a
plague. It'll just be like
crazy stuff, you know? So,
I want you to get your heart right with
the Lord. And I don't try to scare you;
I try to prepare you. I warned you
about the war. And this was a major
topic on our video last night of the
Lord warning us about Zelensky
and
provoking the bear. The Lord said,
"Don't strongarm the bear. President
Trump, be cautious of how you handle the
bear with care.
Handle the bear with
care."Remember
that. And I saw an escalation of war.
And I saw key leaders in the EU wanting
war, war, war—an escalation because of
money driving the economy. And I saw
Canada's prime minister involved in
this. And I saw Alberta oil trying
to get stability in
the Canadian economy because the
Canadian economy is in bad shape,
the Lord showed me. And then I saw Mount
Fuji explode. And the Lord said it would
be the equivalent of a major atomic
blast—huge.
This was a massive, destructive event. And
when this happened, I saw Japan's
economy crumble because of this natural
disaster that's about to take place. And
it happened suddenly. And it happened
like nobody... I don't
know if they anticipated it or not, but
most of the civilians worked and they
were like walking around like every day,
and all of a sudden, it was like somebody
just set something off. The snow cap was
completely decimated. That's how big
this blast was; it was like it was just
leveled.
So I don't know what would cause that
other than just a major eruption in a
volcano, but this was something that was
of biblical proportions for what I saw
coming to Japan. Now I saw the island divided
into two. I saw major tsunami
waves coming inland. I saw major tsunami
waves. I saw a major mile-wide volcano
in the water outside of Oregon
about to go off. I saw all of the
coastline of Alaska on fire from some
kind of natural gas or something coming
up out of the ground. I don't know what
happened. I don't want to add to or
take away from anything that I see, but
for some reason, everything was on fire
from British Columbia all the way up to
Alaska. The whole coastline was on fire.
Now, I don't understand why, but it was
very interesting because it went far in.
Then the Lord warned us yesterday about
a
major drought and a very hot summer for
Australia.
I know you're not in your summer months,
but the Lord told me you must pray for
rain. For I even saw kangaroos and
cattle not having enough water, places
of ponds and cisterns of water
drying up. I saw cracks upon the
soil so big, like huge cracks from the
water vapor not being there anymore. He
showed me the Sydney Opera House, and I know
that I saw it was hot, and you know,
whenever you see the waves of heat
coming up from the ground, I saw it all
upon the land. And so I pray for an
outpouring of the spirit of
the Holy Ghost, not only for the natural
rain, but because we see
this weather manipulation.
Remember I told you it would be so dry
and there would be such a drought in one place, and there'll
be great rains that are just flooding in
another. It will be so bad and so much
drought, and within a couple of ten miles, a
hundred
miles, it will be so much rain that
there'll be the most
colossal floods we've ever seen. And I
saw major
snowstorms—snowstorms
to bury a house,
huge snowstorms. And it would happen
within just like that, and you have to
dig your way out, and people will die
because they're too cold and they can't
get out of their houses because there's
so much snow. It happens so suddenly,
downbursts
of snow coming so much so that,
like I said, you won't be
able to dig your way out. It was
incredible, the things I've seen, and
hurricanes with hurricane-force winds—like
straight-line winds—that
will
exceed anything that's ever been on this
earth before.
And He said, "As they try to control the
weather, they will lose control
in the days ahead."He warned us about
this. And He told me about a
shaking in finances, shakings in
politics, and all these things. I
tried to recap a
little bit for y'all, but the main thing
I saw... And then I saw revival in
Africa, a major revival coming from
Africa. And I could hear
them singing and I could hear the
revival coming to Africa. But I was more
concerned even when I saw Australia not
wanting to get involved with this war
because it was trying to escalate out of
control. And I saw North Korea in the
shadows. And I saw Cuba. And the Lord
warned me about these two places: North
Korea and Cuba. He said, "Watch
Cuba."I
don't know how many times He's told us
to watch Cuba and pray about Cuba.
Moves
in the night, darkness. And I saw
North Korea again. And the Lord keeps
warning us about it. So, I'm excited
about where we are in these end times, I
really am. I talked to Sister Billy.
She said, "In our prayer
time,"she
goes, "They have prayer on
Wednesdays."She
said, "In our prayer time,"he said,
"We're a minute away. We're just
right there. Jesus is standing at the
door. There are things that are about to
take place, folks, that we've never seen
before, but we're about to go home soon.
Jesus is coming soon."And I have my
eyes looking at him, and I'm telling you
I have an anticipation in my heart for
major things to take place for the body
of Christ. So I just keep myself right
and go back to the awe of God.
That's why the Lord said, "Read John
Bevere's
book. Read that book, the first
three or four chapters of it, and
really try to get that down inside of
you."You
may not have time to read all
of it, but just read the first four
chapters and really meditate on it and
soul-search.
Check yourself and say,
"God,
am I right before you? Is my heart right
before you? Do I fear you? Do I have
reverence for you? Is my wood wet?
Am I on fire for you? Is my lamp full of
oil
today?"That's
what I have to ask you all. Is
your lamp full of oil today? Does Jesus
know you? You say, "I know a lot about
Jesus."But
remember what he said: "You
prophesied in my name. You laid hands on
the sick in my name. You raised the
dead. You cast out devils. You did all
these things. But depart from me. I
never knew you."That's a very scary
place to be. And a lot of people don't
preach that. They don't talk about it.
What was Jesus talking about? "You did
all these things in my name, but depart
from me, I never knew you."Was your lamp
full of oil that day?
Do you try to keep it full? Well, "How do
I do that, brother Brandon?"By seeking
him. He said, "Those that seek me
will find me. Those that knock, the door
will be opened unto them."Seeking him,
reading the Bible, praying,
fellowshipping with him, singing songs, making—it
says,
"Be instant in
season, out of season,
praying in the spirit, lifting up holy
hands with worship, doing all that it
takes to have a relationship with Jesus
every single day."Father, I know it's
not about works. It's about grace. And
he said in his word, it's something you don't
deserve and something you can't earn.
Grace is something that is very
important. It's the foundation
of salvation. By grace,
you're saved through faith. And so, I
want to encourage you. You don't have to
be perfect, but we try to strive to be
just like him every single day. Does
that make sense, what I'm saying? We are
all a work in progress, but we're not
trying to live like the world.
"Well, you know, I like going out and
having parties and doing all these
things and, you know,
Jesus—the
grace is there."It didn't give you a
free will to be a fool and sin. "Well,
I'm going to go to the strip club and
look at the girls dancing on the pole,
and I'm going to go out and have
fun
with my friends, and we'll go out and do
all this stuff,"and people get mad
at me. I get the emails. "Oh, I don't
tell my teenagers. My teenagers watch you
and they like going out to the clubs and
having fun with their friends,"and I've
been told off by them. I said, "Shame on
you for saying that's okay for
your kid.""Well, they have to have
freedom."Like,
okay,
I don't know how to tell you how
stupid you really are. I don't mean to
be rude, but I don't know how to tell
you how stupid you really are. You don't
know when he's coming. You don't know.
And is your lamp full? Five virgins had
their lamps full and five didn't. And as
the bridegroom was coming, they said,
"Oh my goodness, we better go get our
lamps full of oil."But it was too late.
It's a day-to-day process. You think,
"Well, I'm going to go fill
mine
whenever I see him coming and I hear
the trumpet blowing. I'm going to start
praying in tongues so I get my lamp
full of
oil."All
of a sudden, you see everybody going
up and they're getting taken in a
blink of an eye. They're going whoop and
you're going, "Oh, I got to pray in
tongues
so I get my lamp full of
oil."Oh,
it's too late.
You waited too late.
Is it worth it
staying on fire? He said, "I'd rather
you be hot or cold, but if you're
lukewarm, I spew you out of my
mouth."Either
you're all in or you're not.
Either you're a believing believer or
you're not. But we're in the last of the
last days, ladies and gentlemen. And as
labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
As we step into August now,
August,
we are just 30-some days away from
September.
And the Lord told me September
will be the month to remember for
acceleration in the spirit realm, an
acceleration in the spirit. Now, what
does that mean? September, a month to
remember, an acceleration of things from Rosh
Hashanah
to Rosh
Hashanah.
He said, "Get ready. You're going to
start to see things you never saw as
labor pains. You're going to see it.
It's the position of push.
No more labor pains. The baby's here.
It's time.
Push."Are
you excited about him coming? Are
you like—because I hear
some people say, "Well, the rapture of
the church is not convenient. The catching away of the
church is not really convenient for
people who want to have a marriage, who
want to go out and have a life. It's
very
invasive."But
I'm telling you, there's nothing this
world has to offer when you've seen the
things I've seen about the glory and you
see the other side, like the portal that
I saw with sister Lucy praying.
There is nothing on this earth that can
compare to the glory of God and what we
will feel on the other side. We have
just a little bit of a—like a thimbleful,
maybe just maybe a little eraser-head
capful
of something we do on this
channel, and we experience a little bit
of something and we drink from that
little thimble thing. "Oh, that was some
good glory. Lord, my cup runneth
over."He
didn't say my thimbleful, but
your cup will runneth over. Do you
understand? It's time. I want a
50-gallon
barrel full of the Holy Ghost
and fire, and I'm going to try to just
take it and dump it on me. I want to be
in the splash zone. That's what I was
talking about. Being at Shamu and being
at SeaWorld and you see that big
Shamu go out there, and everybody wants to
sit way up at the back because they
don't want to get wet by Shamu. And
sometimes
he's up there and he just
goes
into
that water, and those
people—if
they have their hair all
messed up, they got a wig on or
something and their hair's dripping off
and they're trying to fix
themselves, and their makeup's
running down their face and they're
going, "Oh my gosh, what just
happened?"I
want to get messy. Do you
understand? I want to
get wasted in Jesus. Let's have fun.
That's why he said, "Make prayer fun again
for these young people.""Brandon, they're
so used to
religion."Nothing
I ever do, I hope, on this
channel is religion, ever. It's all about
relationship.
Now, I get a lot of hate from a lot of
big other people. And one of—don't
name names—the
prophetic guys I talked to, like I
said, I don't like to name names, drop
names, you know, like drop your name
card, "Yo, everybody's like, 'Oh, look
who I talked to.'"Yeah, I don't get on
all that celebrity crap. Listen, I
talked to one, though. It was a really
fun conversation, and I said, "You know, I
don't get a lot of
big-name
people like that say, 'Hey,
we want to talk to you.'I
get
a lot of the sheep, they love
you, but the bigger people,
they kind of hold me at an arm's
length."And
he said, "Brandon, because what the
Lord showed me,"he said, "because you
see their mess and they don't want you
calling them out on it.
They hold you that way because you have
great discernment and you walk in a very
strong anointing, Brandon."And he goes,
"And there's a lot of people walking in
a lot of compromise these
days."I
said, "That made me feel
good, but not too much."You know,
that's terrible. But at the same time,
my job is never to embarrass anybody by
what I see, because I see some stuff. And
99% of the time, I don't say anything
to anyone
about what I see on
them.
If the Lord reveals it to me,
it's a gift. It flows. It's a cloak. I
feel it come on me. But He has an
opinion about everybody. What does God
say about you to other people who walk
with a gifting?
Is your lamp full?
Presence has an atmosphere. You carry a
presence.
And when you're filled with the Holy
Ghost, you know when
you come in contact with somebody else who
has
presence. You know when they have
something going on, maybe with
alcohol addiction, pornography,
anger issues, or depression issues.
You just know because
it's a presence, and their presence
overflows.
You can feel it. Does
that make sense? What's in you is
an
overflow. I want it so much so that the
overflow of me is His fragrance. And
when I walk in a room, people know,
especially if they have a gift. I
told you, because your presence, your full will
fight. It's like Brother Billy Burke
always told me: your full will fight for
you. Your full will fight for you. What
is your full saying? What's coming out
of you in your greatest level of
fullness? What do people see about you?
What do they discern about you?
And that's why I thought it was
interesting when I talked to that other
person.
They said, 'You don't even realize
because you become so accustomed to what
you walk in.'But I'm telling you all,
it's not about me. I'm going to
always tell you this: it's not about me.
But I want you to check yourself,
not for me, but for Him. What
does the Holy Spirit say about you?
Fill yourself up so that you don't think
you're hiding something.
Search me and know me. Just like David
said, 'Search me and know me. Change me,
God. Give me a pure heart.
Cleanse me. Make me have a pure heart
before You.'But I'm saying, what does
it say about your heart?
What is
in
abundance in your heart? Because out of
the abundance of the heart, the mouth
speaks,
but what I'm
trying to say is that out of the
overflow of who you are,
the atmosphere speaks. Does that make
sense? It's what
you carry. Are you a person
full of strife? Are you a person full of
gossip? Are you a person full of
insecurity? There are things I work on
every day, y'all. I'm not saying I'm
perfect, but I try to work on these
things because I want to make sure I'm going
from glory to glory. I don't always want
to come on here and pray and keep
you all afternoon. You know, the last
two videos were like two hours
each.
So, I know
you have other things to do other than
watch Brandon on the internet, but I
just wanted to come on and do a little
bit of a recap for you, kind of talk
about some things and tell you I'm
excited about what Jesus is doing,
tell you we love you, and give
you some encouragement today to keep
that awe of God, the refreshing inside
of you, to go back to the ABCs, reading
books, and stirring yourself up so that you
don't let your wood get wet and let
the fire go out. We've got to keep the
gasoline, the kindling, and the
logs on our fire in these last days
because the world will try to
put it out. They come by with their
big old 50-gallon bucket of water trying
to put our Holy Ghost fire out. 'But this
little light of mine, I'm going to
let...'I'm
just a little candle. I want an
inferno! But you go, little candle: 'This
little light of mine, I'm going to let it
shine. This little light of
mine...'And
you're looking around and you're going,
'I'm going to let it
shine.'I
don't want that. I want to be a great
big Holy Ghost fire so they go,
'Ouch! We can't get too close to it
because
we're going to singe
ourselves.'Like
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
When the soldiers tried to throw them in
there, they all went in there and
got burned up. But guess who didn't?
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. But who
was the fourth man? You know what I'm
saying? That's what I'm talking about.
Who's the fourth man? He's with Brandon!
Woo! All those soldiers,
the fire burned them up because they
heated
the furnace even
hotter. But what happens when the
fire around us gets hotter,
and people try to put out your fire and
all these things? We see all this stuff.
I just want to be on fire for
Jesus.
Be instant in season and out of season.
'No, I'm sorry, brother, I was out.
Please, can you pray for me? I know you
go to my church. My
family member just died. They're in the
hospital, and I got the other one. Would
you please pray for
him?''I
just went out to the bar and I just
drank, you know, all this, and I'm a
little tipsy right now. Let me sober up
and we'll go pray for your family
member.'No.
'I'm sorry, I just went and
have
been looking at porn all afternoon. I
don't have time to go and pray for
your family. I don't even
know if God would hear me if I did right
now because I've been looking at dirty stuff
all day.'Seriously, do you get what I'm
trying to tell y'all?
Evaluate
yourself.
Don't allow the devil to have one inch
in your life because somebody's going to
need you sometime.
I've got myself full of fire. Are you
ready? Let's go! 'Hey, Brandon,
my mom is sick,'or whoever. 'Can you come and
pray? Can you...'Yes, we're laying
hands, praying. We're interceding. We're
breaking out in tongues. We're taking
communion. But I know that even on my
best day, my righteousness is as filthy
rags. Even what I told you about my dog
getting raised, I have to go back to
that. But the point was, I
wasn't practicing sin then. I just lost
it at that time. Does that make sense?
I wasn't going out saying, 'Well,
Diana, let's go to the club.'No, I
had a flesh fart. I freaked out for
that moment. But I don't practice that,
and I don't live that way. Does that
make sense? I don't make it a habit to
freak out and flesh out and go,
'The guy cut me off on the
road.'I
practice temperance, patience,
kindness, and goodness. That's what I
try to do, but you know, sometimes you mess
up. I have to say that there's a big
difference between when you
deliberately act stupid and
when
we just have
a bad day,
you know? But God's grace is sufficient
for all of it, and we just turn back and
say, 'God, forgive us.'Does it make
sense? But I want to be that person who
is
filled with and controlled by
the Holy Ghost in these last days, so
that if
they need to call me,
I'm
going to be ready to pray. And that's
what I pray for you all today. Did this
bless you? I hope it did. I want
to encourage you, to stir you up. So,
Father, I just thank You, Lord, for
every single person who's here today
that comes to support this channel on a
regular basis. Father, we lift them up
before You. We thank You, Lord, that
You're fanning the flame that's inside
of them. Father, not only is it
just with some kindling, but, Father,
You're putting some Holy Ghost gasoline
on that person. And, Father, there is a
fire that's raging on, and it's not a
flash in the pan. It burns hot. We've got
some paper, we've got all
kinds of wood on there, and that fire is
going to be a major fire burning on the
inside of them in these last days.
I thank You, Father, that You've called
them—women,
children, men, old,
doesn't matter. It's all hands on deck.
You've called them for such a time as
this. And, Father, I thank You, Lord, for
every single person that's watching this
video right now. Father, we call them
stirred up from the top of their head to
the soles of their feet. That they're
drinking out of that living water.
They're eating that spiritual food and
they are becoming spiritual giants in
the land, Father. That they're not
looking down and going, "Well, you know
what? I don't know. Sometimes God does
and sometimes he doesn't."No, we're
believing that God is a rewarder of
those that diligently seek him. And,
Father, we can have whatever things
we desire when we pray. We believe that
we receive them and we shall have them.
And if we knock, the door will be open
unto us. He's not going, "Sometimes I
do, sometimes I don't."He's a God that
is a rewarder of those that diligently
seek him. And, Father, I thank you, Lord,
for you are our rewarder. You're our
ever-present help in a time of need. You
said in your word, Father, that we can
ask anything, anything. Nothing's too
big and nothing's too small. Jesus paid
the price for it all. And I believe,
Father, for healing and demonstrations
and manifestations of the glory
will be on these people's lives as they
go into this weekend, as they go into
the weeks ahead. Father, that this will
be a time like they've never seen before
of financial breakthrough, of
marriage breakthrough, of their children
wayward
coming home, wives, daughters,
sons, it doesn't matter. Jesus, I
thank you, Lord, that you're touching
them at the point of their need.
Whatever they need today, God, I believe
with them.
I'm agreeing and touching with them
that this is coming to pass and that the
expiration date of what they're
believing for is coming today in
Jesus'name.
I thank you that you are the God
of the breakthrough and that you are El
Elyon,
the most high God, Jehovah
Jireh.
You will provide all I need in
Jesus'name.
And I call their finances blessed
in the city, in the field, coming in and
going out. That this will be a time like
they've never seen before, of great
acceleration, of spiritual growth, of
financial blessing, and of healing and
demonstrations of the glory in their
life. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
they're not bound by any addictions.
They're not bound by any pain. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you've come to set
the captives free. And for whom the Son
has set free is free indeed. And
everybody say, "Amen and amen."Are you
free today? Say, "Amen."I believe it.
For whom the Son has set free is free
indeed. And that's you today. I believe
you're free. And there's an expiration
date to your problems. It's time to
believe for what was impossible to
now become possible in your life. Do you
believe it? God's a God
of
overflow.
He's
not
like this little cup.
No, God's a big bottle God.
We got
a big bottle of water. It's not
a
little; we've got cases of
it. But I'm saying, look at what God is
doing. He's not just a little
thimbleful.
He's an overflow God. And I'm
telling you, it's time to believe him
for overflow. God bless you all today.
I hope this encouraged you
today, I truly do, because we love you
and we want you to know that Jesus loves
you and he has a plan for your
life. It is to prosper and
to have a good expected future, to live
long and finish strong,
not barely get by. So we always tell you
to subscribe and all those things—I already
talked about that earlier, but thank
you. Remember, put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. God bless
you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.